A fork in Ponder Alley [nw,w,s].
A broad-shouldered athlete, a swarthy slave and a proud woman are standing here.
Queued command: ka
You prepare to attack the broad-shouldered athlete, the swarthy slave and the proud woman.
The swarthy slave draws the steel xiphos from the short sword scabbard into his left hand.
The swarthy slave moves protectively in front of his mistress.
The swarthy slave exclaims in Ephebian with an Ephebian accent: I will defend you, Mistress!
You pierce the swarthy slave's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The broad-shouldered athlete punches at you but you dodge out of the way.
The swarthy slave slashes at you with his steel xiphos but you dodge out of the way.
The proud woman punches at you but you deftly dodge out of the way.
You pierce the broad-shouldered athlete's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The broad-shouldered athlete kicks out at you but you deftly dodge out of the way.
The large jet crystal flickers slightly.
You pierce the broad-shouldered athlete's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The broad-shouldered athlete kicks out at you but you easily dodge out of the way.
The proud woman punches at you but you deftly dodge out of the way.
You pierce the swarthy slave's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The broad-shouldered athlete kicks out at you but you dodge out of the way.
The proud woman punches at you but you easily dodge out of the way.
You pierce the broad-shouldered athlete's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
You perforate the swarthy slave's chest with one of your Sapphire Shards as he leaps in at the last moment to protect the proud woman.
The broad-shouldered athlete kicks out at you but you deftly dodge out of the way.
The proud woman kicks out at you but your magical shielding absorbs all of the blow.
You pierce the broad-shouldered athlete's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
You kill the broad-shouldered athlete.
You perforate the swarthy slave's head with one of your Sapphire Shards as he leaps in at the last moment to protect the proud woman.
The proud woman punches at you but you easily dodge out of the way.
You pierce the swarthy slave's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
finger turn
Login name: Turnerette                                      Real name: Gavin
Birthday: 27th of August                                    Member of the Witches' Guild
Location: UK                                                
First logged on Fri Jul 13 01:52:12 2018.
71 days, 12 hours, 20 minutes and 37 seconds old.
On since Mon Jul 15 00:34:02 2019 (38 minutes and 9 seconds).
Idle for 8 seconds.
31 mail messages, 20 of them unread.
Project:
22:05:31: (Playerkillers) Bender wisps: how did jonny die?
22:06:10: (Playerkillers) Citizen wisps: It flies, it cackles, it's obscene before Sek. 
Plan:
15:19:26: Leeroy Luvmussel tells you: are you this way because your mother never loved you? if you need to talk about it, Leeroy's always here for you xx 
You pierce the swarthy slave's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The proud woman punches at you but you deftly dodge out of the way.
You kill the swarthy slave.
You pierce the proud woman's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
You pierce the proud woman's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
A stream of expletives drifts down from above with Turnerette riding a broomstick hot on its heels.
You pierce the proud woman's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
Bright red, green and white flashes surround Turnerette as she triggers a religious ward!
Turnerette is paralysed.
Turnerette looks very uncomfortable as Some Coins flares with a halo of green fire.
Turnerette fades from view with a rather surprised look on her face.
Turnerette has already been paralysed.
You pierce the proud woman's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
You kill the proud woman.
glance
A fork in Ponder Alley [nw,w,s].
The corpse of a broad-shouldered athlete, the corpse of a swarthy slave and the corpse of a proud woman are on the ground.
[Shy enters Discworld -- Turn?]
gs wow idiot
[ribbit,ribbit] Reva: wow idiot
gs Turnerette looks very uncomfortable as Some Coins flares with a halo of green fire.
An old man shuffles by slowly, barely picking his sandals off the ground.
[ribbit,ribbit] Reva: Turnerette looks very uncomfortable as Some Coins flares with a halo of green fire.
b
A lovely slave arrives from the south.
You bury the corpse of a proud woman, the corpse of a swarthy slave and the corpse of a broad-shouldered athlete deep within the earth.
[ribbit,ribbit] Yosh: ?
{+7429 XP} 
gs got her
Queued command: gs got her
[ribbit,ribbit] Reva: got her
sc2 turn
You get a crystal ball from a pocket in Zone between opening and closing it.
You concentrate hard on finding the ghost of Turnerette but, although you get a feeling that her mind is somewhere on the Disc, you can't determine which direction.
Queued command: rub crystal ball
Queued command: put crystal ball in worn pouch
You rub the crystal ball.
You open a pocket in Zone.
You put the crystal ball in a pocket in Zone.
You close a pocket in Zone.
[ribbit,ribbit] Megid: Oooh.
gs who dead
[ribbit,ribbit] Yosh: lol
[ribbit,ribbit] Reva: who dead
who dead
Queued command: who dead
--------------------------------------------==========]  Discworld  [===========--------------------------------------------
Sylien Northstar the Impolite, Light Technician
Turnerette the Witch
-----------------------------> There are two members of this group of people on the Discworld. <----------------------------
