[poopedOurShorts] Reva: bless my horse again? :)
Exalted Deus Ex crushes the grumpy philosopher's neck with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Egon Snuffelpig runs the perplexed philosopher through the head with his Sticky Wicket.
You pierce the condescending philosopher's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The buckskin horse rips flesh off the grumpy philosopher's left arm.
The buckskin horse moves aggressively towards the condescending philosopher!
Exalted Deus Ex crushes the grumpy philosopher's neck with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Egon Snuffelpig runs the perplexed philosopher through the head with his Sticky Wicket.
Egon Snuffelpig's attack tears open a jagged wound on the perplexed philosopher's head!
You pierce the indignant philosopher's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The buckskin horse gashes the condescending philosopher's right leg with her teeth.
Exalted Deus Ex deals the death blow to the grumpy philosopher.
The buckskin horse moves aggressively towards the indignant philosopher!
Hiraldius crushes the indignant philosopher's right arm with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Exalted Deus Ex crushes the perplexed philosopher's neck with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Egon Snuffelpig runs the perplexed philosopher through the face with his Sticky Wicket.
The affable philosopher asks in Ephebian with an Ephebian accent: Don't you understand that it's logically impossible for you to hit me!?
Egon Snuffelpig deals the death blow to the perplexed philosopher.
The perplexed philosopher's wounds finally stop bleeding.
The buckskin horse moves aggressively towards the affable philosopher!
Hiraldius crushes the condescending philosopher's stomach with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Exalted Deus Ex crushes the condescending philosopher's neck with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Egon Snuffelpig takes a sliver off the affable philosopher's head with his Sticky Wicket.
You pierce the impatient philosopher's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The buckskin horse smashes the indignant philosopher in the right leg with her hoof.
Exalted Deus Ex deals the death blow to the condescending philosopher.
The buckskin horse moves aggressively towards the impatient philosopher!
Hiraldius crushes the indignant philosopher's stomach with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Exalted Deus Ex crushes the impatient philosopher's neck with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Egon Snuffelpig skewers the affable philosopher's head with his Sticky Wicket.
Egon Snuffelpig's attack tears open a jagged wound on the affable philosopher's head!
You pierce the indignant philosopher's neck with one of your Sapphire Shards.
The parsimonious priest says in Ephebian with an Ephebian accent: A little smiting goes far where diplomacy is concerned.
You kill the indignant philosopher.
l my horse
Ramessess the buckskin mare's coat is a cream yellow all over with a black mane and tail.  She is of the Munz charger breed, which is known for high intuition, decent strength and docility and poor vitality and speed.
She is in good shape.
She is standing.
Wearing : Death Trek and a Genuan saddle.
Hiraldius crushes the impatient philosopher's stomach with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Exalted Deus Ex mashes the affable philosopher's neck with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Egon Snuffelpig runs the affable philosopher through the head with his Sticky Wicket.
Hiraldius deals the death blow to the impatient philosopher.
Egon Snuffelpig deals the death blow to the affable philosopher.
The affable philosopher's wounds finally stop bleeding.
Hiraldius smashes the intimidating athlete in the chest with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
gs trying to get a log of stuff
Hiraldius smashes the intimidating athlete in the left arm with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
[poopedOurShorts] Reva: trying to get a log of stuff
Hiraldius smashes the intimidating athlete in the chest with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Exalted Deus Ex gets a small block of holy incense from his swag bag.
Exalted Deus Ex says a prayer over a buckskin horse.
Hiraldius smashes the intimidating athlete in the stomach with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
gs see if it works for anything
The small block of holy incense being held by Exalted Deus Ex bursts into flames briefly before burning out, leaving Ramessess the buckskin horse surrounded by a thick cloud of blue-grey smoke.
[poopedOurShorts] Reva: see if it works for anything
Hiraldius crushes the intimidating athlete's right arm with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Hiraldius crushes the intimidating athlete's left arm with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
con my horse
Ramessess the buckskin horse is about equal with you.
con my horse
Ramessess the buckskin horse is about equal with you.
con my horse
Hiraldius smashes the intimidating athlete in the head with his Klatchian steel ball and chain.
Hiraldius deals the death blow to the intimidating athlete.
Exalted Deus Ex blesses Ramessess the buckskin horse in the name of Gufnork.
Ramessess the buckskin horse is about equal with you.
con my horse
Hiraldius buries the corpse of an intimidating athlete, the corpse of an affable philosopher, the corpse of an impatient philosopher, the corpse of an indignant philosopher, the corpse of a condescending philosopher, the corpse of a perplexed philosopher, the corpse of a grumpy philosopher and the corpse of a morose philosopher deep within the ground.
Ramessess the buckskin horse is about equal with you.
{+8k XP} 
con my horse
Ramessess the buckskin horse is slightly tougher than you.
con my horse
Hiraldius and Egon Snuffelpig swagger out nautically east.
Licorice Marshmallow leaves east.
Exalted Deus Ex swaggers out nautically east.
You follow Hiraldius east.
A candy apple red cloud and Ramessess the buckskin horse arrive from the west.
  *-&-&-*-
 /|x|x|x  
&-$-$-$-*-
|x|x|x|x|x
&-$-@-$-*-
|x|/      
&-$       
The Slouching Gardens of Ephebe, north of the citadel [n,w,e,nw,ne,sw].
A candy apple red cloud is floating in the air here and Ramessess the buckskin horse, Exalted Deus Ex, Licorice Marshmallow, Egon Snuffelpig and Hiraldius are standing here.
A lit lantern is mounted on the citadel wall and 8 Ephebian staters, 11 Ephebian oboli, 12 Ephebian hemioboli and some Ephebian derechmi, a steel dory, a short sword scabbard, a plumed bronze helm, a bronze muscled cuirass, a pair of bronze greaves, a pair of bronze vambraces, a pair of leather sandals, a lamb skin cape, a crescent moon shield and a white linen tunic are on the ground.
Ramessess the buckskin horse is slightly tougher than you.
con my horse
Ramessess the buckskin horse is slightly tougher than you.
